You did it, you learned a lot about react native, you had a very thorough introduction to it and we built
a really nice application throughout the course. Time to not only do this in our development environment but
to also learn how to finish our app up and how to publish it. In this module,
I will walk you through all the steps you need to execute to get your app into ios App Store, the
Apple App Store or the Android play store
and I will not only cover that, we'll also have a look at other things. To be precise,
we'll have a look at how we can add app icons and a splash screen to our application,
you will then also learn how to configure your app for production and build it for production,
so for deployment
and then as I mentioned, I show you how to deploy it for iOS and for Android.
Let's dive into that.